feat(data): full-genome yellow fever virus (#453)
nextstrain/nextclade_data: data/community/pathoplexus/yellow-fever-virus/README.md

Reviewer: Add a section on the clade system being used, citing it similar to the existing YFV dataset

<img width="541" height="496" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fa6d5c1-03da-4a74-b381-9ba7dd275f2c" />

# Yellow fever virus dataset (full genome)

| Key          | Value                                                                                                   |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name         | Yellow Fever Virus (full genome)                                                                        |
| workflow     | <https://github.com/hodcroftlab/nextclade-yellow-fever>                                                 |
| authors      | [Hodcroft Lab](https://github.com/hodcroftlab)                                                          |

> | reference    | [NC_002031.i](1https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/NC_002031.1)                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reference    | [NC_002031.1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/NC_002031.1)                                        |
```
Is it `.i` or `.1`?

Author: ah typo thanks for catching

| dataset path | `community/pathoplexus/yellow-fever-virus`                                                              |

## Scope of this dataset

This dataset can be used for clade assignment of yellow fever virus samples. 

> In contrast to the existing `nextstrain/yellow-fever/prM-E` dataset (which covers subsection of the yellow fever virus genome), this dataset comprises the full yellow fever virus genome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the existing `nextstrain/yellow-fever/prM-E` dataset (which aligns only a short 600 nucleotide subsection of the yellow fever virus genome), this dataset aligns versus the full yellow fever virus genome.
```

## Features

> This dataset was created using open data from NCBI Virus and the pipeline in https://github.com/maverbiest/yellow-fever-virus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset was created using open data from NCBI Virus and the pipeline in https://github.com/hodcroftlab.
```

This dataset offers:

> - Phylogenetic placement

Reviewer: Also add clade assignment
